README.md, before:

# coma
Coma is a small PHP class for parsing CSV files and turning them into structured arrays.

Using Coma is pretty damn simple, just add your CSV to the object when you create it, and then call the parse method.

```php
$array = (new Coma(file_get_contents('data.csv')))->parse();
```

Basically, if we had a CSV with the following:
```
Title 1,Title 2,Title 3,Title 4,Title 5
data 1,data 2,data 3,data 4,data 5
more data 1,more data 2,more data 3,more data 4,more data 5 
```
Coma will turn it into a nice array:
```
Array
(
    [0] => Array
        (
            [Title 1] => data 1
            [Title 2] => data 2
            [Title 3] => data 3
            [Title 4] => data 4
            [Title 5] => data 5
        )

    [1] => Array
        (
            [Title 1] => more data 1
            [Title 2] => more data 2
            [Title 3] => more data 3
            [Title 4] => more data 4
            [Title 5] => more data 5
        )

)
```

If you have any issues with this, feel free to submit a pull request or make an issue.

Commit message:

Delimiters and eol settings via Coma::__construct()
Signed-off-by: Rogerio Prado de Jesus <rogerio.p.jesus@caixa.gov.br>

README.md, after:

# coma
Coma is a small PHP class for parsing CSV files and turning them into structured arrays.

## Usage

Using Coma is pretty damn simple, just add your CSV to the object when you create it, and then call the parse method.

```php
$array = (new Coma(file_get_contents('data.csv')))->parse();
```

Basically, if we had a CSV with the following:
```
Title 1,Title 2,Title 3,Title 4,Title 5
data 1,data 2,data 3,data 4,data 5
more data 1,more data 2,more data 3,more data 4,more data 5 
```
Coma will turn it into a nice array:
```
Array
(
    [0] => Array
        (
            [Title 1] => data 1
            [Title 2] => data 2
            [Title 3] => data 3
            [Title 4] => data 4
            [Title 5] => data 5
        )

    [1] => Array
        (
            [Title 1] => more data 1
            [Title 2] => more data 2
            [Title 3] => more data 3
            [Title 4] => more data 4
            [Title 5] => more data 5
        )

)
```

### Optional CSV Settings

If needed, you can optionally pass to Coma::__construct() some CSV settings, via array. The available settings are:

- **delimiter**: defaults to `','`;
- **eol**: defaults to `"\n"`.

Example passing different values via these settings:

```php
$array = (new Coma(
    file_get_contents('data.csv'),
    [
        'delimiter' => '|',
        'eol' => "\r\n",
    ])
)->parse();
```

## Support

If you have any issues with this, feel free to submit a pull request or make an issue.
